docs(macos): add more detail to the macOS install instructions (#86)
ActivityWatch/docs: src/getting-started.rst

   .. group-tab:: macOS

      .. note::

>          macOS >10.15 (Catalina) introduced some complications for running ActivityWatch (privacy and application permissions), see :issue:`334` for post install steps needed to allow ActivityWatch to read the current active window / application (ActivityWatch shows window name and application name as `unknown` without these steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         macOS >10.15 (Catalina) introduced some complications for running ActivityWatch (privacy and application permissions). See :issue:`334` for post-install steps needed to allow ActivityWatch to read the current active window / application (without these steps, ActivityWatch may not start and will show window and application names as `unknown`).
```
